== Harris Creek Elementary School Bus Tracker

This application is designed to mash up the information from the @HCESBuses
Twitter feed with SMS delivery.

The @HCESBuses Twitter feed is a great service provided by the school in the 
afternoons, letting parents know when buses have left, when they're running
late, or other information that can affect how long you're standing outside
waiting for your kids to get home.  And SMS is a great way to get notified
quickly of new information.  Put them together, and you have the core of
this app.

The prototype version of this was a simple Ruby script that ran via cronjob,
and needed to be manually updated when tracks moved in and out of the school.
It was also unwieldy when people changed phone numbers, went on vacation, etc.

Thus, this web app was born. It allows parents to create accounts, enter their
own cell numbers, pick which buses and tracks they care about, and get notified.
The idea is that, on the web, it can be useful to people outside of my 
immediate neighbors.

== Getting Started

The application has four main ActiveRecord models:

1. User - managed by Devise, handles the user authentication piece.

2. Bus - Representing a bus, it has the bus name (for display purposes), a Regexp
to match the bus in a given tweet, and a marker for the last tweet we've seen that
mentions the bus.

3. Tracker - Attached to a user and a bus, this model is used to determine who is 
watching for a particular bus, which track they're on, and if the tracker is
currently active.

4. Mobile Phone - attached to a User, this uses sms-fu to generate an email-to-SMS
to a given number on a given cell carrier.

There is also a simple Track model (representing the school schedule), and a
TwitterTracker model (used via cron to search the Twitter feed).

== Contributing

This application is written in Ruby 1.9, Rails 3.2, and uses Twitter Bootstrap for
the web UI.  If you would like to contribute to making it better, feel free to 
file a pull request or an issue.

== TODO

* Caching

* Tests